
URL: http://www.stgconsulting.com
 Learn more  Learn more  Learn more STG is a technology company that believes people are at the center of every product we create. That’s why we take care to hire and retain the best talent available – most of our team has been with us from 5 years on average.  Sr. JDE Enterprise Developer FLSA: Exempt Position summary: STG is looking for a passionate and skilled Senior JDE Enterprise Developer to join our team. We want motivated team players with Strong Problem solving and communication skills. This is a full-time salaried position with benefits. Our Software Engineers provide application development by utilizing their extensive experience […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior QA Automation Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. This Engineer will need a strong background in Automation and have a passion for QA and processes that enable the consistent delivery of high quality software. Required skills/experience: Solid QA Engineer […]   STG -Software Technology Group  PHP Software Developer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly skilled and motivated PHP Engineer. This individual will need to have strong people skills and a desire to work in a team environment. If you enjoy being contributing to a variety of projects and teams that […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior Java Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will to have strong analytical skills as well as the ability to work well in a team environment. This individual will be responsible for architecting and building new […]   STG -Software Technology Group  .NET Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated .Net Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will need strong people skills and will be responsible for architecting and building new technical solutions.  The primary application will be built using C#. This is a full-time salaried […]  We’re always interested in meeting talented new folks. Contact us about advancing your career today! STG always delivers cutting edge applications and their consultants are leaders in the software industry. “STG provides a high caliber of expertise and knowledge.” “STG’s consultants are intelligent, capable, and have high technical expertise.”     

URL: http://stgconsulting.com/
 Learn more  Learn more  Learn more STG is a technology company that believes people are at the center of every product we create. That’s why we take care to hire and retain the best talent available – most of our team has been with us from 5 years on average.  Sr. JDE Enterprise Developer FLSA: Exempt Position summary: STG is looking for a passionate and skilled Senior JDE Enterprise Developer to join our team. We want motivated team players with Strong Problem solving and communication skills. This is a full-time salaried position with benefits. Our Software Engineers provide application development by utilizing their extensive experience […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior QA Automation Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. This Engineer will need a strong background in Automation and have a passion for QA and processes that enable the consistent delivery of high quality software. Required skills/experience: Solid QA Engineer […]   STG -Software Technology Group  PHP Software Developer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly skilled and motivated PHP Engineer. This individual will need to have strong people skills and a desire to work in a team environment. If you enjoy being contributing to a variety of projects and teams that […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior Java Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will to have strong analytical skills as well as the ability to work well in a team environment. This individual will be responsible for architecting and building new […]   STG -Software Technology Group  .NET Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated .Net Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will need strong people skills and will be responsible for architecting and building new technical solutions.  The primary application will be built using C#. This is a full-time salaried […]  We’re always interested in meeting talented new folks. Contact us about advancing your career today! STG always delivers cutting edge applications and their consultants are leaders in the software industry. “STG provides a high caliber of expertise and knowledge.” “STG’s consultants are intelligent, capable, and have high technical expertise.”     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/#menu
 Learn more  Learn more  Learn more STG is a technology company that believes people are at the center of every product we create. That’s why we take care to hire and retain the best talent available – most of our team has been with us from 5 years on average.  Sr. JDE Enterprise Developer FLSA: Exempt Position summary: STG is looking for a passionate and skilled Senior JDE Enterprise Developer to join our team. We want motivated team players with Strong Problem solving and communication skills. This is a full-time salaried position with benefits. Our Software Engineers provide application development by utilizing their extensive experience […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior QA Automation Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. This Engineer will need a strong background in Automation and have a passion for QA and processes that enable the consistent delivery of high quality software. Required skills/experience: Solid QA Engineer […]   STG -Software Technology Group  PHP Software Developer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly skilled and motivated PHP Engineer. This individual will need to have strong people skills and a desire to work in a team environment. If you enjoy being contributing to a variety of projects and teams that […]   STG -Software Technology Group  Senior Java Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated Java Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will to have strong analytical skills as well as the ability to work well in a team environment. This individual will be responsible for architecting and building new […]   STG -Software Technology Group  .NET Software Engineer Consultant (Salary w/ full benefits package) STG is looking for a highly motivated .Net Software Engineer. The Software Engineer will need strong people skills and will be responsible for architecting and building new technical solutions.  The primary application will be built using C#. This is a full-time salaried […]  We’re always interested in meeting talented new folks. Contact us about advancing your career today! STG always delivers cutting edge applications and their consultants are leaders in the software industry. “STG provides a high caliber of expertise and knowledge.” “STG’s consultants are intelligent, capable, and have high technical expertise.”     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/our-work/
Helped client to move applications from PowerBuilder to C# with Visual Studio. STG also provided training and mentoring for employees and helped research solutions to get the application back on track and implement best practices. Automated build process and modern Java development practices. QA automation framework and point-of-sale mobile application. Design and development of dynamic new website. Co-authored application and established best practices.     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/ixd-showcase/
Here is a very small sampling of what our User Experience/User Interface consultants have done for real STG clients. Want to see how UX/UI can boost your bottom line? Contact us today to learn more. STG Role Front end coding, taking designs from PSD’s and turning them into interactive html/css/js with animations. WordPress backend implementation with short-codes and templates. The Project Revamping visual layout of their primary website according to design from creative team. Project Results New design implemented along with jQuery animations.  JWorks with Dynamic Caseflow Management Where business intelligence meets court case management And results in the most innovative case, incident, person and activity-centric information management solution available anywhere! Now that may be a pretty bold statement but JWorks is a pretty bold CMS. From the ground up, JWorks has built-in efficiencies and core components that […]  Personal Enrollment Tool User Experience Design / User Interface Design / Conducted user testing Front-end development (AngularJS) Western Governors University (WGU) needed to automate their admissions process, in order to keep pace with record-breaking student growth. WGU had depended solely on enrollment counselors working with students via email and phone to communicate status of Financial […]      


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/our-philosophy/
“Our strength lies in our collective knowledge and our access to the right people for the right job.” STG’s consultants are intelligent, capable, and have high technical expertise. Meet our employees See our work     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/our-expertise/
We offer a wide variety of services and as technology changes and grows so do we. Sometimes you just need a little help. There is a big project on your plate and you know your current team doesn’t have the manpower to get it all done. Our Consultants will come in and join your team, focus on the solution and help you deliver on time. Have a big project you need help with? We can put together a top notch team of Project Managers, Business Analysts, Technical Leads, Developers and Testers to tackle your project and see it through to completion. Many of our employees have been at STG for years and have worked together in the past. Let us partner with you to define your needs and goals and get to work in no time. At STG we hire not only people with the best skills, but people we want on our team for the long haul. Our philosophy is about building great relationships internally as well as with clients. Consultants know they have their Practice Managers, their Account team and the entire STG team backing them up if they run into a tough technical problem or need additional expertise. We’ll work to find the best fit whether it’s integrating with a stubborn legacy system or building user experiences that require cutting edge development skill. You’re busy; we get that. Add the challenge of hiring technical and development staff in today’s tight market and it can be downright frustrating. We see thousands of qualified candidates each year. Let us help you determine your needs, develop job descriptions and find excellent direct hire employees. Whether it’s one candidate or a whole team, we can work with you to select just the right people to so you can get the jump on your competition.  Java , Microsoft .NET, Ruby on Rails , Software Testing Mobile Development – iOS, Andriod, Windows Phone Front End Design/User Experience   Database Design and Administration Networking Support IT Administration   Scrum Master Business Analysis & Documentation Technical Documentation  STG cares. The company’s commitment to employee work/life balance and the overall professionalism sets a high standard. See our work     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/about-us/our-staff/
Here is a sampling of some of our employees here at STG. As you can see, all of our employees are talented, motivated, and amazing individuals. STG attributes our success to the expertise of our people–software architects to development teams to project managers to quality assurance specialists. Most of our staff members are senior-level consultants, with an average experience of over 10 years in software development, and have been with STG for many years. As you can see, all of our employees are talented, motivated, and amazing individuals. Our consultants are mostly full-time employees of STG. We provide them a comprehensive benefit program, performance and certification incentives, and STG-sponsored training and career development activities. We value our staff of hard-working, talented, experienced, and honest people. We strive to provide an environment and culture that promotes teamwork and maximum performance. Treating our employees with respect creates an atmosphere that fosters the best quality of services and is a direct benefit to you, our customer. Because of our company culture, many of our new hires come from word-of-mouth recommendations and much of our business comes from repeat customers.   Robert Henri once said, “I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living.” Fortunately for Jessica, she gets to do both. Jessica’s life has been art through music. She is an accomplished pianist, organist, and violinist. Jessica also loves orchestrating her home life; raising […] Whether he is gliding in his boat across a lake with his family, climbing unknown Jeep trails seeking undiscovered wonders in the desert, or analyzing complex lines of code to increase efficiency and effectiveness; Jason is an explorer. Exploring a friends’ new computer at 8 years old first sparked Jason’s interest in computer engineering. Jason […] A good QA truly lives by the motto: “leave things better than you found them.” Matt Chiang has always lived by this principle. Matt knows if you want to make something better, you must first understand the thing itself.  Understanding how something works in order to fix it and make it better started at a […] Bryan Hansen is a champion. Whatever he decides to do, he excels at. He doesn’t excel because it’s easy, he excels because he works hard. A true champion uses any bump in the road as a stepping stone to propel them forward. That is exactly what Bryan does.  One of Bryan’s passions is competing in […]     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/careers/
No open positions that fit your skills? Sign up for our newsletter and we’ll send you job listings as they come available. Sign up     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/careers/why-work-for-us/
We want you to be successful right out of the gate. So we connect you with an internal mentor. You can reach out to your mentor with any question. Mentors can help with technology or project specific questions. But they can also explain policies and procedures. The bottom line is, our employees are important to us. See if your skills are a fit for one of our openings today. View jobs     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/referral/
             


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/newsletter/
Sign up for our newsletter and receive invites to our free trainings, the latest development information, as well as market trends.            


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/our-story/
STG was founded in 1996 by Jeff Soderberg. Jeff’s strong values created the foundation for our culture. We always try to “do the right thing”. That means we place a high value on relationships. Employees who feel empowered and supported bring a strong set of values to their consulting work. STG has grown from a small organization with a few consultants to a full service Technology Consulting practice with over 125 Consultants. As we’ve expanded we’ve stayed true to our goals to deliver for our clients and provide a great working environment for our team.     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/about-us/management/
Everyone at STG has made a huge contribution to our successes. They supply enthusiasm, commitment, depth of expertise in consulting, and business experience. The management team works hard to form lasting relationships with both clients and employees. In addition to the teams listed below we have dedicated practice managers for most technologies including Java, Microsoft, Quality Assurance, Technical Training and others.     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/blog/
Author: Chris Lake   One of the ways that STG likes to partner with its clients is to sit in as an observer when we have a candidate interview.  We don’t interfere with anything said, but being in the room helps us observe and see both how the candidate does and what needs our client […] Read More Author: Geoffrey Sagers   I recently had the opportunity to attend the RootsTech Genealogy conference held in Salt Lake City, Utah. One of the sessions I attended was the Innovator Showdown. It was the final six of numerous of entries to “show off” how technology can improve family history — the world’s largest org chart. Most […] Read More Author: Ryan Parrish As a consultant, often when diving into a large online retailer environment you can expect there to be many pieces of proprietary company knowledge to pick up. Between learning a new API, using Foreign CRM tools, and adapting to the conventions of their business operations and hierarchy expectations, it can be a […] Read More Author: Patricia Johnson Part 1: The Code That Time Forgot Like me, you probably expect that html code is going to display virtually the same in every browser, with a few known exceptions. There are small foibles in rendering between the assorted web browsers, but with every update, those differences become fewer and fewer, and […] Read More Author: Neal Jenks Design Consultant | IxD Practice Manager   Ah, end-of-year: The time when a young man/woman’s fancy turns to lists. I asked Software Technology Group’s illustrious IxD Practice members to share some of their favorite UX/UI discoveries from the past year. What followed was an entertaining and instructive mixed-bag of websites, apps, and […] Read More Author: Neal Jenks   Allow me to wax prophetic. A vibrant, waning year tends to open our imaginations to the unexplored horizons yet to come, and this is especially true of the IxD world.  If the past year has taught us anything, it is that we have absolutely no clue what to expect. But heck… […] Read More By Quinn Heiner   In this article (which has no relation to Covey’s famous book, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, except maybe the number seven), we will take a different approach in our discussion of good habits by first pointing out the bad ones.  By going from ineffective to effective, we will essentially […] Read More Author: Quinn Heiner Imagine if your software company had an 18-month hiring process for all of its techs, and that your chances of actually getting hired were slim at best (really slim, as in maybe 5%). But no problem, let’s say you get the job!  Great–now for your first project.  You’ll be working with an all-volunteer […] Read More Author: Matt Chiang What is automation: In the most simplistic term, automation is some type of script that controls an application to do some type of action.  However, there are flaws to this ideology.  The background to automation probably started years ago w/ someone in QA or development when they were doing the same thing […] Read More Author: Brett Child   As a programmer, sometime or another you will be needed to dig into a legacy system. Whether you’re making changes or maybe trying to rewrite it, you’ll need to understand what’s going on. One of the biggest problems with legacy systems is that there are few to no people who truly […] Read More Interview Tips & Tricks (for the newbie to the expert) RootsTech Innovator Showdown Testimony of Ryan Parrish   Our Favorite UI/UX Designs of 2015: A Thoroughly Informal and Awesome List     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/contact/
(801) 595-1000 555 S 300 E Salt Lake City, UT 84111      Software Technology Group 555 South 300 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 phone 801.595.1000 toll-free 888.595.1001 fax 801.595.1080 info@stgconsulting.com We welcome tours of our facilities. Contact us to arrange a time to come visit our offices.     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com//our-philosophy/
“Our strength lies in our collective knowledge and our access to the right people for the right job.” STG’s consultants are intelligent, capable, and have high technical expertise. Meet our employees See our work     


URL: http://stgconsulting.com/?team=jessica-lemon
Robert Henri once said, “I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living.” Fortunately for Jessica, she gets to do both. Jessica’s life has been art through music. She is an accomplished pianist, organist, and violinist. Jessica also loves orchestrating her home life; raising four children with her husband. After her children were all in school, Jessica decided to go back to school herself. While in school Jessica learned that art could be her means of making a living as well. Jessica found she had strengths in the field of development. She became particularly interested in mobile development.  Just as music is more than counting and rhythm; it involves melody and harmony – all coming together to create a musical score. With iOS and Android, it involves more than just coding; it has design, functionality, and user experience – all coming together to create a visibly appealing and functional app. Joining STG’s growing mobile team in 2012. Jessica began learning new skills, frameworks and tools; growing herself into a virtuoso in mobile as well as Java development. Jessica loves being able to keep things fresh with new projects while having a stable company to work for. Jessica is now helping to perform technical interviews for our mobile practice as well as helping clients build artistic and useful applications. Jessica’s creativity, artistry, and style help her to be a true artist in living her life and making a living.      
